'Oh, Hello. It's nice to meet someone down here. I'm Iadala.
Don't look at me like this. Just because I'm in a cell does not mean I'm a bad person. 
Hey, what's the problem? Never saw a fairy before?'
--XX--
'Of course I'm a fairy. You are looking for my wings, aren't you? 
Well, you will not find them. The nice guy that put me in this cell made sure I'd never fly again.
But that's enough about me. You should not be down here, you know? This is a bad place.'
--XX--
'You are looking for your sister? I had a sister once. A baby sister. 
Until one day she was no baby anymore, and decided it was a good idea to sell me. 
So now I'm here. Hope your sister is not as loveful as mine...
And answering your question, I did not see any girl down here.'
--XX--
'Look kid, I did like you, so listen, if your sister's down here, I would simply give up on her.
 They take kids to him sometimes, and sometimes he goes after them himself. She must be as good as dead now. '
--XX--
'What do I mean by dead? Well, you know, alive no-more and all that stuff. 
You have no idea where you are, do you? Let me give you a good piece of advice. 
The best you'll get down here. Go away while you still can. 
This place is dangerous, and just because you are moved by a sence of 
duty does not mean you have any... what's the word... capabitily. 
Yeah, that's the one I'm looking for. You are just a kid. 
And kids should not be wandering around caves. 
Specially the ones mad warlocks use for themselfes.'
--XX--
'Oh dear, I've told you. I have just no idea where your sister is. 
You should leave me alone now, since you don't want to leave this place. 
I don't want him to see you when he comes back.'
--XX--
'Alrigth, if I tell you a thing will you leave me alone? Great.
 So, King Odrian lives in a castle faaaar away in the east. 
There's a gate somewhere down in these caves. 
If you open it, you should be able to go to the castle. Altough you are mad for trying. 
No one should go there. He takes all the kids there, so as I told you before, do not be so hopeful for your sister. 
Why? How should I know. 
I do not have conversations with Child Eaters as often as you may think.'
--XX--
